Document setting server vars for windows (#2600)
ollama/ollama: docs/faq.md

   systemctl restart ollama
   ```

### Setting environment variables on Windows

> The ollama server runs as a child process of the tray application and inherits your user and system environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Windows, Ollama inherits your user and system environment variables.
```

1. First `Quit` the Ollama tray application from the menu.

2. Edit system environment variables from the control panel

> 3. Edit or create New variable(s) for your user account for OLLAMA_HOST, OLLAMA_MODELS, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Edit or create New variable(s) for your user account for `OLLAMA_HOST`, `OLLAMA_MODELS`, etc.
```

4. Click OK/Apply to save 

> 5. Run Ollama from a new terminal window 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Run `ollama` from a new terminal window 
```
